all over the world schools are going
green why because parents and teachers
know that when a school goes green it's
a win-win strategy that helps students
learn and improves the school and the
environment
Eco schools USA is a free easy program
that helps schools put this winning
strategy to work hosted by the National
Wildlife Federation eco-schools USA
serves K through 12 schools across the
country it is part of the international
eco school's Network the world's largest
Green Schools program currently active
in more than 50 countries around the
globe better but we really wanted
something to kind of reboot our
sustainability education and get kids
excited about it and the Eco school
program really did that it provided a
lot of structure and it also was in line
with our mission as far as getting kids
to feel empowered and do it themselves
Eco schools USA takes a holistic
approach to green e it strives to make
environmental awareness and action part
of the culture of a school for students
teachers staff administrators parents
and the whole community and the best
part it gets results
studies show that hands-on environmental
education
boost student performance in science
technology engineering and math every
lesson can also incorporate bettering
the planet and bettering the world and
making the world more sustainable for
years and years to come so we try to
infuse that in all of our lessons math
science social studies reading and a
healthy school environment nutritious
food and regular outdoor activity are
keys to good health and successful
school
they're always learning about nature I
think it's just what they naturally love
I think we kind of take that out of them
sometimes by having them inside as much
as we do and having so much of our life
inside so eco-schools USA helps schools
focus on action in three main areas the
school building the school grounds and
the curriculum a series of seven steps
guides you through the program these
steps include forming an eco action team
conducting an environmental audit and
developing an action plan to set goals
and monitor improvements schools
implement the Eco Schools program at
their own pace and tailor it to their
situation they choose a focus from among
a number of different pathways from
energy water and transportation to
school grounds healthy living and
sustainable food the bronze silver and
green flag awards recognize school's
progress as they achieve milestones in
the program the International nature of
eco schools builds awareness that
individual actions have impacts around
the world by tying their greening
efforts to an established program
schools join a larger global green
movement this is where we're going to
create the next generation of
conservation leaders we're going to
create the next scientists the next
biology majors all the people that we
needed in society the artists right here
because this is where people get
inspired but perhaps one of the best
benefits of becoming an eco school is
that it saves schools money not only is
it free but schools that participate
conserve energy and water reduce waste
and typically find their environmental
stewardship actions significantly reduce
facilities expenses eco-schools USA is
free easy and improve student
performance so join the thousands of
schools that are discovering the
benefits of eco schools learn more and
register your school
at eco-schools usa.org
you